feat: peer-discovery not using peer-info (#41)
libp2p/js-libp2p-interfaces: src/peer-discovery/README.md

- `discovery.on('peer', (peerInfo) => {})`

> Everytime a peer is discovered by a discovery service, it emmits a `peer` event with the discovered peer's information, which must contain the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every time a peer is discovered by a discovery service, it emits a `peer` event with the discovered peer's information, which must contain the following properties:
```

- `<`[`PeerId`](https://github.com/libp2p/js-peer-id)`>` `peerInfo.id`

> - `<Array<`[`Multiaddr`](https://github.com/multiformats/js-multiaddr)`>>` `peerInfo.multiaddrs`

Reviewer: Should we change `peerInfo` to `peerData` everywhere to avoid confusion?

Author: yes please 😂
